we made it Stan
good evening ladies and gentlemen we are
tonight's entertainment I only have one
question where is Harvey Dent you know
where Harvey is you know who he is
hands up free boy you know I can find
Harvey I need to talk to him about
something just something little huh No
come on out there wait thank God you've
got a panic room hey wait hey you know
I'll settle for his loved ones
we're not intimidated by thugs you know
you remind me of my father I hated my
father okay stop why hello beautiful
you must be Harvey's squeeze hmm and you
are a beautiful
well you look nervous is it the scars
you want to know how I got him Graham
Hey
welcome me so I had a wife look
beautiful like you who tells me
I worry too much who tells me I ought to
smile more Hill Gamble's and gets in
deep the Sharks
one day they carve her face
we don't know money for surgeries she
can't take it I just want to see her
smile again huh I just wonder know what
I don't care about the scars so I stick
a razor in my mouth and do this to
myself and you know what she can't stay
on the size of me she leaves now I see
the funny side now I'm always smiling
we'll fight you I like that
come drop the gun oh sure you just take
off your little mask and show us all who
you really are
hmm let her go
very poor choice of words
let's not do that again
he's Harv you save